website/integrations: openwebui: update provider configuration (#16495)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/miscellaneous/open-webui/index.md

- **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.
    - Note the **Client ID**,**Client Secret**, and **slug** values because they will be required later.
    - Set a `Strict` redirect URI to `https://openwebui.company/oauth/oidc/callback`.

>     - Select any available signing key. Make sure to not set an **Encryption key**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select any available signing key. 
    - Make sure to leave the **Encryption key** field empty.
```

## Open WebUI configuration

> You need to set the environment variables in the appropriate place based on your deployment method—either in the .env file or as Docker environment variables. The values themselves remain the same, only their location differs.

Reviewer: Is it no longer true that one must set variables? If it is still needed, let's not remove this line. Though is this even the right place for this info?

> To configure authentik with Open WebUI, you must add the following environment variables to your OpenWebUI deployment:

Reviewer: Please add a sentence right after line 38, something like " - **Encryption Key**: be sure to leave the field empty."

:::warning

> `WEBUI_URL` is a persistent config and must be set before enabling SSO. Changing it later requires either disabling persistent config or updating it in the admin panel. More information can be found in the [Open WebUI documentation](https://docs.openwebui.com/getting-started/env-configuration/#important-note-on-persistentconfig-environment-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`WEBUI_URL` is a persistent configuration setting and must be set before enabling SSO. Changing it later requires either disabling persistent configuration or updating it in the Admin panel. More information can be found in the [Open WebUI documentation](https://docs.openwebui.com/getting-started/env-configuration/#important-note-on-persistentconfig-environment-variables).
```

:::

```yaml
OAUTH_CLIENT_ID=<client_id>
OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET=<client_secret>
OAUTH_PROVIDER_NAME=authentik
OPENID_PROVIDER_URL=https://authentik.company/application/o/<application_slug>/.well-known/openid-configuration
OPENID_REDIRECT_URI=https://openwebui.company/oauth/oidc/callback
WEBUI_URL=https://openwebui.company

> # Allows auto-creation of new users using OAuth. Must be paired with ENABLE_LOGIN_FORM=false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Allows auto-creation of new users using OAuth. Must be paired with ENABLE_LOGIN_FORM=false.
```

ENABLE_OAUTH_SIGNUP=true

> # Disables user/password login form. Required when ENABLE_OAUTH_SIGNUP=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Disables user/password login form. Required when ENABLE_OAUTH_SIGNUP=true.
```
